Awesome-Scripts/List of ideas.md, before:

# List of Ideas for Python Scripts

### 1. A script that saves your desktop so that I can restore it at a later time
### 2.  Python unittest frameworks
The idea is to create scripts that uses the last unittest python frameworks showing examples of each one and will be easy to understand the difference. The scripts could be:
* Usage of Unittest and examples
* Usage of Muse and examples
* Usage of Muse2 and examples
* Usage of Green and examples
### 3. [Script that gets reqd. number of XKCD comics](get_xkcd_comic.py)
### 4. [Quora-scraper](quora_scraper.py)
* A script that scrapes the quora question and its top 3 answers.
### 5. [Calculating Pi](calc%20pi.py)
### 6. [Big Text Prompt](bigtext.py)
* Give an alphabetical argument while running script.
* Example:

```
python bigtext.py hello
```
### 7. [Bing wallpaper scraper](wallpaper-scraper.py)
* A script that scrapes the bing wallpaper of the day and downloads it to a specified location
* In Ubuntu based systems it also sets the desktop background to the bing wallpaper of the day
### 8. [Amazon Product Info scraper](amazon_scrap.py)
* Given an **ASIN** of a product this script scrapes product price, review from amazon.in. Try ``` python amazon_scrap.py -h ``` for more details.
### 9.  Text file Generator
An application which can read in a file(image or pdf) in handwritten form and generates a text file(pdf) out of it. Great for a web based service where the user uploads the handwritten notes image and the program returns a PDF of the file.
### 10.  Hacker news scrapper
A script that returns headlines of the top posts on Hacker News
### 11. [Script to play HangMan game](hangMan.py)
A CLI game in which player enters a movie name and second guesses it in less than 7 wrong guesses.
### 12. [Script to get top 15 IMDB movies](imdbScrapper.py)
Very basic script that fetches top 15 IMDB movies
### 13. [Script to play Morse code audio depending on the users entered string](morseCode.py)
It plays morse code (audio) depending on users' entered string.
### 14. The number game that insults you if you get it wrong with entries in a file.
### 15. [Bitcoin price tracker GUI](luno_btc_price.py)
A GUI that shows Bitcoin price with a button that can refresh to the current price.
~

Commit message:

Update List of ideas.md
Also changed the file name of Rolling dice.

Awesome-Scripts/List of ideas.md, after:

# List of Ideas for Python Scripts

### 1. A script that saves your desktop so that I can restore it at a later time
### 2.  Python unittest frameworks
The idea is to create scripts that uses the last unittest python frameworks showing examples of each one and will be easy to understand the difference. The scripts could be:
* Usage of Unittest and examples
* Usage of Muse and examples
* Usage of Muse2 and examples
* Usage of Green and examples
### 3. [Script that gets reqd. number of XKCD comics](get_xkcd_comic.py)
### 4. [Quora-scraper](quora_scraper.py)
* A script that scrapes the quora question and its top 3 answers.
### 5. [Calculating Pi](calc%20pi.py)
### 6. [Big Text Prompt](bigtext.py)
* Give an alphabetical argument while running script.
* Example:

```
python bigtext.py hello
```
### 7. [Bing wallpaper scraper](wallpaper-scraper.py)
* A script that scrapes the bing wallpaper of the day and downloads it to a specified location
* In Ubuntu based systems it also sets the desktop background to the bing wallpaper of the day
### 8. [Amazon Product Info scraper](amazon_scrap.py)
* Given an **ASIN** of a product this script scrapes product price, review from amazon.in. Try ``` python amazon_scrap.py -h ``` for more details.
### 9.  Text file Generator
An application which can read in a file(image or pdf) in handwritten form and generates a text file(pdf) out of it. Great for a web based service where the user uploads the handwritten notes image and the program returns a PDF of the file.
### 10.  Hacker news scrapper
A script that returns headlines of the top posts on Hacker News
### 11. [Script to play HangMan game](hangMan.py)
A CLI game in which player enters a movie name and second guesses it in less than 7 wrong guesses.
### 12. [Script to get top 15 IMDB movies](imdbScrapper.py)
Very basic script that fetches top 15 IMDB movies
### 13. [Script to play Morse code audio depending on the users entered string](morseCode.py)
It plays morse code (audio) depending on users' entered string.
### 14. The number game that insults you if you get it wrong with entries in a file.
### 15. [Bitcoin price tracker GUI](luno_btc_price.py)
A GUI that shows Bitcoin price with a button that can refresh to the current price.
### 16. [Rolling a Dice](Rolling_Dice.py)
A Simple Script that Rolls a dice.
### 17. [Chat Server](chat_serv.py)
Server for Multithreaded Chat application.
### 18. [Exponentiation](exponentiation.py)
To Get Precised exponent of desired Float Number.
### 19. [Fibonacci](fibonacci.py)
A simple fibonacci script.
### 20. [Port Scanner](port_scanner.py)
Simple Port Scanner to check whether port 80 available or not.
### 21. [File Renamer](toRenamer.py)
This program renames a list of tv episodes. Episodes can be nested inside folders. folders will be flattened and episodes renamed to a particular format. 
### 22. [Reddit Scrapping.py](reddit_scrapping.py)
Scrapper for Reddit.
